Docs: Add a Vite Getting Started guide (#36412)
twbs/bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.2/getting-started/vite.md

   const path = require('path')

   export default {
     root: path.resolve(__dirname, 'src'),
     server: {
       port: 8080,
       hot: true
     }
   }
   ```

2. **Next we fill in `src/index.html`.** This is the HTML page Vite will load in the browser to utilize the bundled CSS and JS we'll add to it in later steps.

   ```html
   <!doctype html>
   <html lang="en">
     <head>
       <meta charset="utf-8">
       <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
       <title>Bootstrap w/ Vite</title>
     </head>
     <body>
       <div class="container py-4 px-3 mx-auto">
         <h1>Hello, Bootstrap and Vite!</h1>
         <button class="btn btn-primary">Primary button</button>
       </div>
       <script type="module" src="./js/main.js"></script>
     </body>
   </html>
   ```

   We're including a little bit of Bootstrap styling here with the `div class="container"` and `<button>` so that we see when Bootstrap's CSS is loaded by Vite.

3. **Now we need an npm script to run Vite.** Open `package.json` and add the `start` script shown below (you should already have the test script). We'll use this script to start our local Vite dev server.

>    ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```jsonc
```

Author: Indeed it would be the right format to use but unfortunately [Chroma doesn't handle JSON-C](https://github.com/alecthomas/chroma#supported-languages) so the syntax wouldn't be highlighted in the documentation
![Screenshot from 2022-05-24 08-54-08](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17381666/169967538-abf58e5a-f420-4b82-b0e7-e0d7b320e20d.png)
instead of what we have [with `json` right now](https://deploy-preview-36412--twbs-bootstrap.netlify.app/docs/5.2/getting-started/vite/#configure-vite) which is rendered like this:
![Screenshot from 2022-05-24 08-56-30](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17381666/169967961-f03fcd88-e0dd-434b-96ca-334449fa18e3.png)

Reviewer: This doesn't have to do with browsers, though.

This has to do with Hugo (which is using chroma) and GitHub itself.

Are you saying Hugo doesn't highlight this if we use `jsonc`? If so, I'd remove the comments altogether.

Author: No it doesn't have to do with browsers. I've just displayed the rendering to show the difference. Hugo doesn't highlight it because JSON-C is not handled/recognized by Chroma.

Reviewer: I see there's an issue https://github.com/alecthomas/chroma/issues/629 so it might get implemented at some point.

That being said, maybe it's better to just remove the comments from json.

Author: Even if comments doesn't exist in JSON format, IMHO they bring something here to the user who can understand at a glance that this part is not a complete file but only an extract (even if it is rather obvious).
I'd vote to keep them and replace `json` by `jsonc` when it will be available.
But I don't have neither a strong opinion on that, if you really think that's an issue, I can remove them in the 3 guides.
@mdo would you prefer to keep the comments or not?

   {
     // ...
     "scripts": {
       "start": "vite",
       "test": "echo \"Error: no test specified\" && exit 1"
     },
     // ...
   }
   ```

4. **And finally, we can start Vite.** From the `my-project` folder in your terminal, run that newly added npm script:

   ```sh
   npm start
   ```

   <img class="img-fluid" src="/docs/{{< param docs_version >}}/assets/img/guides/vite-dev-server.png" alt="Vite dev server running">

In the next and final section to this guide, we’ll import all of Bootstrap’s CSS and JavaScript.

## Import Bootstrap

> 1. **Set up Bootstrap Sass import in `vite.config.js`.** Your configuration file is now complete and should match the snippet below. The only new part here is the `resolve` section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Set up Bootstrap's Sass import in `vite.config.js`.** Your configuration file is now complete and should match the snippet below. The only new part here is the `resolve` section—we use this to add an alias to our source files inside `node_modules` to keep imports as simple as possible.
```

   <!-- eslint-skip -->
   ```js
   const path = require('path')

   export default {
     root: path.resolve(__dirname, 'src'),
     resolve: {
       alias: {

>          '~bootstrap': path.resolve(__dirname, 'node_modules/bootstrap'),

Author: Not sure that's the best way to do it

Reviewer 2: I've seen this mentioned in other guides as I've been rewriting Parcel and Webpack. I think it's good to go unless Vite has some other built-in aliasing.

   ```sh
   npm i --save-dev vite
   ```

3. **Install Bootstrap.** Now we can install Bootstrap. We'll also install Popper since our dropdowns, popovers, and tooltips depend on it for their positioning. If you don't plan on using those components, you can omit Popper here.

   ```sh
   npm i --save bootstrap @popperjs/core
   ```
4. **Install additional dependencies.** In addition to Vite and Bootstrap, we need a few more dependencies to properly import and bundle Bootstrap's CSS and JS with Vite. These include Sass<!--, some loaders, and Autoprefixer-->.

<!--npm i save-dev autoprefixer css-loader postcss-loader sass sass-loader style-loader-->

   ```sh
   npm i --save-dev sass
   ```

Now that we have all the necessary dependencies installed and setup, we can get to work creating the project files and importing Bootstrap.

## Project structure

We've already created the `my-project` folder and initialized npm. Now we'll also create our `src` and `dist` folders to round out the project structure. Run the following from `my-project`, or manually create the folder and file structure shown below.

```sh
mkdir {dist,src,src/js,src/scss}

> touch dist/index.html src/js/main.js src/scss/styles.scss src/scss/_custom.scss vite.config.js

Author: Even in Webpack guide, we never use `_custom.scss` file. So we can maybe remove it from all guides.

   ```html
   <!doctype html>
   <html lang="en">
     <head>
       <meta charset="utf-8">
       <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
       <title>Bootstrap w/ Vite</title>
     </head>
     <body>
       <div class="container py-4 px-3 mx-auto">
         <h1>Hello, Bootstrap and Vite!</h1>
         <button class="btn btn-primary">Primary button</button>
       </div>
       <script src="./main.js"></script>
     </body>
   </html>
   ```

   We're including a little bit of Bootstrap styling here with the `div class="container"` and `<button>` so that we see when Bootstrap's CSS is loaded by Vite.

3. **Now we need an npm script to run Vite.** Open `package.json` and add the `start` script shown below (you should already have the test script). We'll use this script to start our local Vite dev server.

   ```json
   {
     // ...
     "scripts": {
       "start": "vite",
       "test": "echo \"Error: no test specified\" && exit 1"
     },
     // ...
   }
   ```

4. **And finally, we can start Vite.** From the `my-project` folder in your terminal, run that newly added npm script:

   ```sh

>    npm start

Author: At this point atm Vite config is not that good. We can see the following warning in the console: `(!) Could not auto-determine entry point from rollupOptions or html files and there are no explicit optimizeDeps.include patterns. Skipping dependency pre-bundling.`

   ```sh
   npm i --save bootstrap @popperjs/core
   ```
4. **Install additional dependencies.** In addition to Vite and Bootstrap, we need another dependency (Sass) to properly import and bundle Bootstrap's CSS.

   ```sh
   npm i --save-dev sass
   ```

Now that we have all the necessary dependencies installed and setup, we can get to work creating the project files and importing Bootstrap.

## Project structure

We've already created the `my-project` folder and initialized npm. Now we'll also create our `src` folder to round out the project structure. Run the following from `my-project`, or manually create the folder and file structure shown below.

```sh
mkdir {src,src/js,src/scss}
touch src/index.html src/js/main.js src/scss/styles.scss src/scss/_custom.scss vite.config.js
```

When you're done, your complete project should look like this:

```text
my-project/
├── src/
│   ├── js/
│   │   └── main.js
│   └── scss/
│   |   ├── _custom.scss
│   |   └── styles.scss

> |   └── index.html

Author: In this first version, `dist` is not used; the `index.html` file is in `src`.

1. **Open `vite.config.js` in your editor.** Since it's blank, we'll need to add some boilerplate config to it so we can start our server. This part of the config tells Vite were to look for our project's JavaScript and how the development server should behave (pulling from the `src` folder with hot reload).

   <!-- eslint-skip -->
   ```js
   const path = require('path')

   export default {
     root: path.resolve(__dirname, 'src'),
     server: {
       port: 8080,
       hot: true
     }
   }
   ```

2. **Next we create our `src/index.html`.** This is the HTML page Vite will load in the browser to utilize the bundled CSS and JS we'll add to it in later steps. Before we can do that, we have to give it something to render and include the `output` JS from the previous step.

   ```html
   <!doctype html>
   <html lang="en">
     <head>
       <meta charset="utf-8">
       <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
       <title>Bootstrap w/ Vite</title>
     </head>
     <body>
       <div class="container py-4 px-3 mx-auto">
         <h1>Hello, Bootstrap and Vite!</h1>
         <button class="btn btn-primary">Primary button</button>
       </div>

>        <script type="module" src="./js/main.js"></script>

Author: * :warning: We need to add `type="module"` to load the JS file (this is different from Webpack guide).
* Since `index.html` is right now in `src` the relative path is different as well from Webpack guide
